README.md, before:


## DESCRIPTION
We built Good Hoods to let you and other prospective home buyers quickly and easily research neighborhoods where you might one day live. We consolidate data from Google Maps, Zillow and The Weather Underground to give you pertinent information about specific neighborhoods you’re interested in, and to save you time to do other things – like secure a home loan!

## EXTERNAL HOSTING
http://goodhoods-app.heroku.com

## WIREFRAMES & ERD
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wqiytrp0j1b6imo/AADYSb0OUMo_yhAb5LuBGBS-a?dl=0

## APIs USED
- Google Maps
- Zillow
- The Weather Underground

## TECHNOLOGIES USED
- Ruby on Rails (via Heroku)
- JS, AJAX, JQuery
- HTML5, Bootstrap

## SCOPE
Our intention at the beginning of this project was to create a website that would let people easily research neighborhoods to get a sense of their flavor. Our initial scope was broader than what we were able to build in a week, which was the amount of time we were allotted to build this app. We successfully met our MVP but there were several features we’d have like to have implemented.

## WISHLIST
- Clean up UX
- Utilize more AJAX on the front-end to make the map and searches more dynamic
- Implement more APIs to provide users with richer data about the neighborhoods they care about (crime data, WalkScore, government data, historical weather, etcetera).

## CONTRIBUTORS
This project was a collaboration between 4 students at General Assembly in San Francisco. We had individually accrued 8 weeks of instruction in JS, HTML and Ruby before embarking on this project. The team members are

— Brent Dady (@brent1x)
— Pat Doyle (@doylemcpoyle)
— Michael Pospisil (@michaelPoP)
— Calvin Wang (@calvinkw1)

Commit message:

cleaned up favorites view a bit

README.md, after:


## DESCRIPTION
We built Good Hoods to let you and other prospective home buyers quickly and easily research neighborhoods where you might one day live. We consolidate data from Google Maps, Zillow and The Weather Underground to give you pertinent information about specific neighborhoods you’re interested in, and to save you time to do other things – like secure a home loan!

## EXTERNAL HOSTING
http://goodhoods-app.heroku.com

## WIREFRAMES & ERD
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/wqiytrp0j1b6imo/AADYSb0OUMo_yhAb5LuBGBS-a?dl=0

## APIs USED
- Google Maps
- Zillow
- The Weather Underground

## TECHNOLOGIES USED
- Ruby on Rails (via Heroku)
- JS, AJAX, JQuery
- HTML5, Bootstrap

## SCOPE
Our intention at the beginning of this project was to create a website that would let people easily research neighborhoods to get a sense of their flavor. Our initial scope was broader than what we were able to build in a week, which was the amount of time we were allotted to build this app. We successfully met our MVP but there were several features we’d have like to have implemented.

## WISHLIST
- Clean up UX and UI (easier-to-use homepage; add favorites to a drop-down menu)
- Implement more APIs to provide users with richer data about the neighborhoods they care about (crime data, WalkScore, government data, historical weather information, etcetera)

## CONTRIBUTORS
This project was a collaboration between 4 students at General Assembly in San Francisco. We had individually accrued 8 weeks of instruction in JS, HTML and Ruby before embarking on this project. The team members are:

- Brent Dady (@brent1x)
- Pat Doyle (@doylemcpoyle)
- Michael Pospisil (@michaelPoP)
- Calvin Wang (@calvinkw1)
